Today, you learned about GraphQL,
a query language for APIs.
We discussed the GraphQL schema which defines the datapoints offered via an API.
Don't forget the schema contains the datatypes and relationships between them,
and the set of operations available.
Next, we saw the importance of using Resolvers for queries and Mutators.
Resolvers allow Spring to automatically detect and call
the right method in response to one of the GraphQL queries or mutations.
We wrapped up with learning about a useful tool called GraphiQL that
allows you to execute queries and mutations against a GraphQL server.
Next, I will teach you about developing microservices using Spring Boot.